src/jbake/content/about.adoc, before:

= About
Christian Kleinbölting
2013-10-17
:jbake-type: page
:jbake-status: published
:jbake-tags: blog, asciidoc
:idprefix:


== Technology
Page was build using the following components:

* https://gradle.org/[Gradle] - Build automization +
This is the glue which lets me automize everything. I am lazy and I do not want to maintain any local installation in order to be able to publish on my blog. The only requirement that this project has is a https://www.java.com/[JVM].

* http://jbake.org/[Jbake] - Static site/blog generator +
The actual workhorse, it collects my content and generates the complete site using the Thymeleaf templating engine and AsciidoctorJ to transform my *.adoc content into html.

* https://github.com/jbake-org/jbake-gradle-plugin[Jbake Gradle Plugin] +
Allows me to use jbake from gradle.

* https://gsp.grails.org/latest/guide/index.html[Groovy Server Pages (GSP)] - Templating Engine +
GSP (Groovy Server Pages) - A server-side view rendering technology based on Groovy.

* https://github.com/ajoberstar/gradle-git[Gradle Git and Github plugin] - Publishing on GitHub pages +
Nice plugin which allows me to use Gradle as the publishing tool for the https://pages.github.com/[GitHub pages].

* https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctorj[AsciidoctorJ] - Simple markup for the content +
All content is written in http://asciidoctor.org/docs/what-is-asciidoc/[AsciiDoc]. I like AsciiDoc, a  lightweight markup language, because the markup is quite simple and the content still readable. The Java implementation has a very good Gradle and Jbake integration.

* https://github.com/google/code-prettify/[Prettify.js] with https://cdn.rawgit.com/google/code-prettify/master/styles/index.html#sunburst[Sunburst theme] +
Automatically allow code to be styled and syntax highlighted using JavaScript.

* http://www.groovy-lang.org/[Groovy] +
Used by Gradle and GSP.

== Sources
Find the sources of this blog on https://github.com/seakayone/blog[GitHub].

Commit message:

Add image and social links

src/jbake/content/about.adoc, after:

= About
Christian Kleinbölting
2013-10-17
:jbake-type: page
:jbake-status: published
:jbake-tags: blog, asciidoc
:idprefix:

== Me

image:img/portraet-pixel.png[Picture of me,200,200,role="left"]

image:img/mail-btn.svg[link="mailto:christian@kleinboelting.de",Github,32,32]
image:img/github-btn.svg[link="https://github.com/seakayone",Github,32,32]
image:img/twitter-btn.svg[link="https://twitter.com/kle1nb",Twitter,32,32]
image:img/linkedin-btn.svg[link="https://www.linkedin.com/in/christian-kleinbölting-16353015b/",32,32]
image:img/xing-btn.svg[link="https://www.xing.com/profile/Christian_Kleinboelting",Github,32,32]

== Technology

Page was build using the following components:

* https://gradle.org/[Gradle] - Build automization +
This is the glue which lets me automize everything.
I am lazy and I do not want to maintain any local installation in order to be able to publish on my blog.
The only requirement that this project has is a https://www.java.com/[JVM].

* http://jbake.org/[Jbake] - Static site/blog generator +
The actual workhorse, it collects my content and generates the complete site using the Thymeleaf templating engine and AsciidoctorJ to transform my *.adoc content into html.

* https://github.com/jbake-org/jbake-gradle-plugin[Jbake Gradle Plugin] +
Allows me to use jbake from gradle.

* https://gsp.grails.org/latest/guide/index.html[Groovy Server Pages (GSP)] - Templating Engine +
GSP (Groovy Server Pages) - A server-side view rendering technology based on Groovy.

n* https://github.com/ajoberstar/gradle-git[Gradle Git and Github plugin] - Publishing on GitHub pages +
Nice plugin which allows me to use Gradle as the publishing tool for the https://pages.github.com/[GitHub pages].

* https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctorj[AsciidoctorJ] - Simple markup for the content +
All content is written in http://asciidoctor.org/docs/what-is-asciidoc/[AsciiDoc].
I like AsciiDoc, a lightweight markup language, because the markup is quite simple and the content still readable.
The Java implementation has a very good Gradle and Jbake integration.

* https://github.com/google/code-prettify/[Prettify.js] with https://cdn.rawgit.com/google/code-prettify/master/styles/index.html#sunburst[Sunburst theme] +
Automatically allow code to be styled and syntax highlighted using JavaScript.

* http://www.groovy-lang.org/[Groovy] +
Used by Gradle and GSP.

* https://fontawesome.com/icons?d=gallery[Icons by Fontwawesome]
Social media buttons.

== Sources

Find the sources of this blog on https://github.com/seakayone/blog[GitHub].
